PE-646: Add move-file sample to Readme (#221)
ardriveapp/ardrive-cli: README.md

```shell
# Specifying a mixed set of file and folder paths

> ardrive upload-file -w wallet.json -F "${PUBLIC_FOLDER_ID}" --local-paths ./image.png ~/backups/ ../another_file.txt

Reviewer: Good catch

Reviewer: In all the other examples in this doc, we've just been using mock IDs rather than variable placeholders to try and prevent confusion for users about what real values would look like. Can you please update all references like:
`${PUBLIC_FOLDER_ID}` to something like `6939b9e0-cc98-42cb-bae0-5888eca78885`?

Author: See here: 69f7974b697ba336c5c6752fb12cf0d8ae1a3261

}
```

### Moving Files<a id="moving-files"></a>

> To move an existing file you have to specify its entity ID and the entity ID of the folder you want to use as its new parent. This command will create a new Metadata transaction updating the `Parent-Folder-Id` tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Files can be moved from one folder to another within the same drive. Moving a file is simply the process of uploading a new metadata revision for that File ID that points to the new parent Folder ID via its `Parent-Folder-Id` tag. The following command will move a file from its current location in a public drive to a new parent folder in that drive:
```

```shell

> ardrive move-file -f "e5ebc14c-5b2d-4462-8f59-7f4a62e7770f" -F "a2c8a0cb-0ca7-4dbb-8bf8-93f75f308e63"

Author: ```suggestion
ardrive move-file --file-id "e5ebc14c-5b2d-4462-8f59-7f4a62e7770f" --parent-folder-id "a2c8a0cb-0ca7-4dbb-8bf8-93f75f308e63"
```
